Olympic men's weightlifting
10th place Dove Anderson
330 kg
9th place Russian Alexander 350 kg
Third Place Building Zhao Wanglong
380 kg
Ah you let me go
You left your son behind
You cruel son
You finished third.
Unprecedented.
Son I am proud of you
Oops son hahaha
Mom knows you won't let Mom down
The Olympic third runner-up is not only glorious
It also made Zhaojiacun proud
Haha Village Chief
And I did.
Congratulations to Tyrannosaurus, hahaha.
Wait a minute, let's worship our ancestors in the whole village
You are the first colonel in the first row
Hahaha bargain
Did you see it?
Do you see the difference between you and my son?
Those are grades.
That's strength.
A mere sojourner wouldn't be so happy
My ranking shut up
bargain
Do you know what the Olympics continue to mean?
It means that I am the pride of Zhaojiacun
Means 300,000 bonus is mine
It means that I am your existence that is always unattainable
The results and names of the Olympic Games are being announced
The men's group has already started
The women's group starts in 10 minutes
Hurry up
Well we must be
Before Zhao Ruolan's results were announced
Arrive in Zhaojiacun